Five clear sections: Safety, Performance, Business, Design, and Legal. 

SAFETY
1. Оскорбительный контент. Apps should not include content that is offensive, insensitive, upsetting, intended to disgust, in exceptionally poor taste, or just plain creepy. Examples:
Realistic portrayals of people or animals being killed, maimed, tortured, or abused, or content that encourages violence. / Depictions that encourage illegal or reckless use of weapons and dangerous objects, or facilitate the purchase of firearms or ammunition. Overtly sexual or pornographic material

2. Категория дети. These apps must not include links out of the app, purchasing opportunities, or other distractions to kids. Apps in the Kids Category should not include third-party analytics or third-party advertising. Kids Category apps may not send personally identifiable information or device information to third parties

3. Физический вред. If your app behaves in a way that risks physical harm, we may reject it. Examples: Medical apps that could provide inaccurate data or information, or that could be used for diagnosing or treating patients may be reviewed with greater scrutiny. apps that claim to take x-rays, measure blood pressure, body temperature, or blood oxygen levels using only the sensors on the device are not permitted. Apps should remind users to check with a doctor.
•	Apps that encourage consumption of tobacco and vape products, illegal drugs, or excessive amounts of alcohol are not permitted on the App Store. 
•	Apps should not urge customers to participate in activities (like bets, challenges, etc.) or use their devices in a way that risks physical harm to themselves or others.


4. Информация о разработчике. People need to know how to reach you with questions and support issues. Make sure your app and its Support URL include an easy way to contact you
5. Data Security. Apps should implement appropriate security measures to ensure proper handling of user information collected and prevent its unauthorized use, disclosure, or access by third parties.

PERFORMANCE
6. Полнота приложения App Completeness
Submissions to App Review should be final versions with all necessary metadata and fully functional URLs included; placeholder text, empty websites, and other temporary content should be scrubbed before submission. Make sure your app has been tested on-device for bugs and stability before you submit it. Please don’t treat App Review as a software testing service. Demos, betas, and trial versions of your app don’t belong on the App Store – use TestFlight instead.
7. Accurate Metadata. Customers should know what they’re getting when they download or buy your app, so make sure all your app metadata, including privacy information, your app description, screenshots, and previews accurately reflect the app’s core experience and remember to keep them up-to-date with new versions.
8. Don’t include any hidden, dormant, or undocumented features in your app; your app’s functionality should be clear to end users and App Review. All new features, functionality, and product changes must be described with specificity in the Notes for Review section of App Store Connect 
9. If your app includes in-app purchases, make sure your app description, screenshots, and previews clearly indicate whether any featured items, levels, subscriptions, etc. require additional purchases. 
10.  Previews are a great way for customers to see what your app looks like and what it does. To ensure people understand what they’ll be getting with your app, previews may only use video screen captures of the app itself. 
11. Select the most appropriate category for your app, and check out the App Store Category Definitions if you need help
12. Answer the age rating questions in App Store Connect honestly so that your app aligns properly with parental controls. If your app includes media that requires the display of content ratings or warnings (e.g. films, music, games, etc.), you are responsible for complying with local requirements in each territory where your app is available.
13. Choose a unique app name, assign keywords that accurately describe your app, and don’t try to pack any of your metadata with trademarked terms, popular app names, pricing information, or other irrelevant phrases just to game the system. App names must be limited to 30 characters. 
14. Metadata should be appropriate for all audiences, so make sure your app and in-app purchase icons, screenshots, and previews adhere to a 4+ age rating even if your app is rated higher. For example, if your app is a game that includes violence, select images that don’t depict a gruesome death or a gun pointed at a specific character. 
15. Remember to ensure app name and icons (small, large, Apple Watch app, alternate icons, etc.), are similar to avoid creating confusion.
16. You are responsible for securing the rights to use all materials in your app icons, screenshots, and previews, and you should display fictional account information instead of data from a real person.

Hardware requirements
17. To ensure people get the most out of your app, iPhone apps should run on iPad whenever possible. We encourage you to consider building universal apps so customers can use them on all of their devices. 
18. Design your app to use power efficiently and be used in a way that does not risk damage to the device. Apps should not rapidly drain battery, generate excessive heat, or put unnecessary strain on device resources. Apps may not run unrelated background processes, such as cryptocurrency mining.
19. Apps should never suggest or require a restart of the device or modifications to system settings unrelated to the core functionality of the app. For example, don’t encourage users to turn off Wi-Fi, disable security features, etc.
Software Requirements
20.Apps that transmit viruses, files, computer code, or programs that may harm or disrupt the normal operation of the operating system and/or hardware features, including Push Notifications and Game Center, will be rejected. 
21. If your app uses location background mode, include a reminder that doing so may dramatically decrease battery life.
22. Apps must be fully functional on IPv6-only networks.
23. Apps that browse the web must use the appropriate WebKit framework and WebKit Javascript.
24. Video streaming content over a cellular network longer than 10 minutes must use HTTP Live Streaming and include a baseline 192 kbps HTTP Live stream.
25. Apps that alter or disable the functions of standard switches, such as the Volume Up/Down and Ring/Silent switches, or other native user interface elements or behaviors will be rejected. 
26. Apps should not be submitted with empty ad banners or test advertisements.
27. Apps must request explicit user consent and provide a clear visual and/or audible indication when recording, logging, or otherwise making a record of user activity. This includes any use of the device camera, microphone, screen recordings, or other user inputs.

