NAVIAGATION
1.	The app supports standard Back button navigation and does not make use of any custom, on-screen "Back button" prompts.
2.	The app supports gesture navigation for going back / going to the home screen.
3.	The app correctly preserves and restores user or app state.
4.	The app preserves user or app state when leaving the foreground and prevents accidental data loss due to back-navigation and other state changes.
5.	When returning to the foreground, the app should restore the preserved state and any significant stateful transaction that was pending. Examples include: changes to editable fields, game progress, menus, videos, and other sections of the app or game.
6.	When the app is resumed from the Recents app switcher, the app returns the user to the exact state in which it was last used.
7.	When the app is resumed after the device wakes from the sleep (locked) state, the app returns the user to the exact state in which it was last used.
8.	When the app is relaunched from Home or All Apps, it should do one of the following, depending on how much time has passed since it was last used:

•	If the app was last used a short time ago (minutes), restore the app state as close as possible to its previous state.
•	If more time has passed since the app was last used, try to restore the app as close as possible to its previous state; or start it from its home screen or some other default state.

NOTIFICATIONS

9.	Notifications are not used for cross-promotion or advertising another product, as this is strictly prohibited by the Play Store.
10.	Notification channels are defined according to best practices, rather than serving all notifications from one channel.
11.	Selecting the correct notification priority.
12.	Multiple notifications are stacked into a single notification group, where possible.
13.	Set timeouts for notifications where appropriate.
14.	Use the MessagingStyle notifications for conversations. Support the direct reply action. Support conversation shortcuts, and implement best practices for getting the best direct share ranking.

UI and GRAPHICS
15.	The app supports both landscape and portrait orientations (if possible) and folding / unfolding.
16.	Orientations expose largely the same features and actions and preserve functional parity. Minor changes in content or views are acceptable.
17.	The app uses the whole screen in both orientations and does not letterbox to account for orientation changes, including folding and unfolding.
18.	app correctly handles rapid transitions between display orientations and device folding / unfolding without rendering problems or losing state.

VISUAL QUALITY	
19.	The app displays graphics, text, images, and other UI elements without noticeable distortion, blurring, or pixelation.
•	The app should use vector drawables where possible.
•	The app provides high-quality graphics for all targeted screen sizes and form factors.
•	No aliasing at the edges of menus, buttons, and other UI elements is visible.

20.	The app displays text and text blocks in an acceptable manner for each of the app’s supported languages.
•	No cut-off letters or words are visible.
•	No improper word wraps within buttons or icons are visible.
•	There is sufficient spacing between text and surrounding elements.

21.	The app’s content, and all web contents referred to by the app, support dark theme.

ACCESSABILITY
22.	Touch targets should be at least 48dp in size. Learn more.
23.	The app’s text and foreground content should maintain a high enough color contrast ratio with its background
